Gu Beichen
Qin Zhuomei
Qin Yuting
The grudge between us
About to start reckoning
Beichen blames Lin Jingyun, that bitch
If it weren't for him
How could I be beaten by the old lady?
I'm still pregnant with the flesh and blood of your tiger family in my stomach
This Lin Jingyun
It's a little different during this time
But don't worry.
Don't you still have a backer?
Your Qin family and the commander-in-chief used to have friendship
This is what my mother eats the most
It will be my mother's birthday party soon.
As long as you can invite the commander-in-chief over at the birthday banquet
Then you will become a concubine
My mother will definitely agree
Beichen, I just don't like Lin Jingyun
Then if I deal with him
Won't you be angry?
I have long disliked their neighbors
That kind of lofty gaze at home
I don't care about his death
It's you, how do you want to deal with him?
Then you just wait and see the show
Lin Jingyun, just wait
I don't just want to marry into the Gu family
And ruin your reputation at the birthday party
Replace you completely
Madam, you have really opened my eyes this time.
If only
maybe
That treacherous water was really poured on you
Sorry, sister.
I just slipped my hand
My mother doctor
You did it on purpose
Enough to pay back the money is not embarrassing enough?
Go back and change your clothes
Chunxiao
Take all my jewelry to the pawn shop
Change to gold
What? All this jewelry?
What do you use, ma'am?
I want to use these jewelry
Open a new door to my life